do you know my favorite flavor is
chicken sing a nice string that's
confusing I like vanilla vanilla that's
really confusing it's a strange flavor
for ice cream
dear Claire loving you is the only thing
I haven't done night you know you
awareness very similar Jess the clown is
doing who's Clara she was a very special
woman in my life was really great
company
I'm a lonely man Clara I got real pain
in my heart maybe this other woman
she'll return
then maybe you'll remember how to love
someone dear Claire
the world's changed so much I've been
around for so many years dear Claire I
just want you to look at me
one more time
i'ma trust me to be around I'm an angry
man but I'm not quite so angry around
you
we'll be great you could to be a father
is that what being a daddy yeah it's
okay yeah okay it's okay it's okay
Clara I'm gonna clean out my garden when
I dig up the roots I'm gonna start
something fresh
so what do you say
you know you've got nice lies for the
record I kind of like your hands